---
description: Cross-selling through product sets - including alternative products
---

# 8.SET Compose

## Widget-Element

### **Show product set by SKU or Main-SKU**

```markup
<div data-8select-widget-id="8.SET-Compose" data-sku="42"></div>
```

* `data-sku` is a dynamic attribute
  * its value is the [SKU](../produktdaten-uebermitteln/stammdaten/details.md#sku-sku) or [Main-SKU](../produktdaten-uebermitteln/stammdaten/details.md#main-sku-main-sku) of the product variant the customer is viewing in the shop
  * the [SKU](../produktdaten-uebermitteln/stammdaten/details.md#sku-sku) or [Main-SKU](../produktdaten-uebermitteln/stammdaten/details.md#main-sku-main-sku) has to be the same value that is used in the [product export](../integration/produkt-export.md)

{% hint style="info" %}
The 8SELECT integration team will adjust the widget styling 🎨 to your shop design. ❤️&#x20;
{% endhint %}

#### Update SKU in case of non-size variant change

{% hint style="warning" %}
The played out content is specific to visual variants such as colour or pattern. When the visual variant changes the widget has to be updated!
{% endhint %}

The played out content is specific to visual variants such as colour or pattern. \
To retrieve the content of the currently selected visual variant, the current SKU must be passed to the widget when the visual variant is changed. For example if a customer is currently viewing the red variant of a shirt and changes to the blue variant, the 8.SDK has to be informed about the changed SKU to load content for the changed visual variant.\
\
This must not happen when changing the size, as the content is size-independent.

#### Update SKU via API call

In case the widget HTML will be kept in the DOM, the SKU can just be updated via a special API call.

```javascript
window._8select.reinitSys('<new-sku>')
```

#### Other options

If the widget HTML itself is removed from the DOM on variant change and just readded with the new SKU the SDK has to scan the DOM again.

```javascript
window._8select.initCSE()
```

### Show specific product set by id

```markup
<div data-8select-widget-id="psp-psv" data-set-id="42"></div>
```

* `data-set-id` is a static attribute
  * its value is the `id` of the product set you want to show
  * you can find the `id` in 8.CONTROL 1.0 (Product Set Manager)

### Show list of product sets by tag

The widget does not allow interaction like 8.SET Compose. Instead, when an item is clicked, the customer is directed to the corresponding product.

```markup
<div data-8select-widget-id="psp-tlv" data-tags="your-prefix-homeoffice,your-prefix-smart-casual"></div>
```

* `data-tags` is a static attribute
  * 8.HX will load the product sets matching the given tags
  * you can find the tags in 8.CONTROL 1.0 (Product Set Manager)
  * we also use tags for the global set pool - so if you want to make sure that only your local sets get played out use a prefix like in the example `your-prefix`
